From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Sat May  3 00:20:31 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Sat, 03 May 2008 00:20:31 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [it]Last mimelnk .desktop files
In-Reply-To: <927516.4394951209043757607.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
References: <927516.4394951209043757607.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
Message-ID: <481B93AF.7020101@laposte.net>

 > Today I've finished the translation of all the mimelnk files. This 
batch goes to
>  /desktop-files/usr/share/mimelnk/image.

thanks
cvs updated

> Also in this directory there is an improper file with the hungarian comment only
> , which I pasted in the correct one:
> 
> x-windowdump.desktop (wrong) / x-xwindowdump.desktop (correct)
> 
you pasted what? where ?
not sure i understand what you mean ...
does that mean you fixed the content of this file in your update ?
if so ... its updated in the cvs ...
no need to mention every single change you made despite the fact that it 
points out all the "major" flaws of the global patch method :p

> In addition there are in some cases files which refer to the same mime. I'll omi
> t .desktop:
> 
no
they reffer to the same files and paterns, but not same mimetype check 
the "X-KDE-IsAlso=" argument ! ... i fixed the isue with those and some 
more ...

> 
> svg-xml lacks a line patterns= and maybe it would be the same as svg+xml
>

fixed that too

> wmf also laks a line patterns= I didn't take a note if there was another file re
> ferring di Windows Meta File, though.
also fixed that !
> ______________________
> 
> Tomorrow I'm leaving for Leeds (UK) and I won't be much available for translatin
> g for about 1 month. However, the most is done. Only apt.po is missing. I hope s
> oon we'll have a multilanguage DVD.
> 
so do i but i'm kind of busy atm and won't get much i18n work done for 
french before long ...

sorry for the cvs update delay !

DidouPh



From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Sat May  3 00:29:38 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Sat, 03 May 2008 00:29:38 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT update
In-Reply-To: <4811CDE3.70004@smidovi.eu>
References: <4811CDE3.70004@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <481B95D2.9060205@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> Hello all,
> 
> I revised the VIT package a little bit to be easier to update without 
> the need to update all translations after every little change.
> 
> All the data that are often changing are now parametrized.
> 
> Please take a look at the .po files, they should be OK but I might have 
> overlooked something.
> 
> David
> 

CVS updated, additional translations added !




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Sat May  3 00:30:07 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Sat, 03 May 2008 00:30:07 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Install help in Czech
In-Reply-To: <4811CE78.6080901@smidovi.eu>
References: <4811CE78.6080901@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <481B95EF.3000703@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> Here is the Installation Help in Czech.
updated the CVS, Thanks David !!




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Sat May  3 00:33:57 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Sat, 03 May 2008 00:33:57 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Hmm..
In-Reply-To: <48180DF3.3030605@smidovi.eu>
References: <22d880e20804281552r2a0dbd5m841935351b852259@mail.gmail.com>	<4816AF57.1020704@smidovi.eu>	<481758E2.6000709@laposte.net>
	<48180DF3.3030605@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <481B96D5.80708@laposte.net>



David Smid a ?crit :
> pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
>> @ David ... what are your reactions to the mail i yet sent about the 
>> tools you designed to manage desktop files ?
> 
> I'm afraid I didn't receive any e-mail from you since April 14th ...
> Could you resend it ?

Its on the list archives ...

> 
>> what framework would you introduce to facilitate the translation process 
>> with new/recently/to-be programs that will need translation of the 
>> desktop files ?
>> i think that you've created something nice but we need to learn how to 
>> master it. powerfull tools are only usefull in masters hand!
> 
> I don't know if I understand it right but I'll try to answer:
> 
> I think that the software author should be responsible for i18n. He/she should 
> provide framework for managing translations. We all know that this is not how it 
> works in real world. In cases when l10n is not a part of the program build 
> process all we can do is to provide a patch with translated .desktop file.
> For such project I would recommend just to add their .desktop file to our tree 
> and run make_intltool_update script. If we need the true blue .desktop file with 
> translations for such project (we need to prepare patch for SRPM) - just launch 
> script build_desktop_files.
> If, on the other side, we can change the software build process to some extent, 
> the best way is to have .desktop.in file as a source and to build a .desktop 
> file from it and from the .po files during the build process. All you need for 
> this is the intltool-merge utility (see VIT SRPM for example).
> Mature projects usually already have such .desktop file compilation in their 
> build process.
> The important thing is that .desktop.in file is the real source file - .desktop 
> file can be "cooked" any time from it if you have translations.
> 
> This is rather complex issue and to find a complete solution I would need to 
> examine the problem a little more and to answer few questions:
> 
> How do the translated .desktop files get into official packages now ?
> Isn't it too labour-intensive ?
> Should we provide some patch-making infrastructure ?
> Or should we just make one-for-all package from our .desktop files rather than 
> injecting them into individual packages ?
> 
> 

thats exactly the points i made in the post you missed !

>> what about that livecd i18n team / project ?
> 
> I think it's a good idea but where would it be hosted ? If I understood it 
> right, mypclinuxos.com is shutting down soon ...
> 

NO IT WON'T SHUT DOWN !
:p

> David
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Mon May  5 15:13:45 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it)
Date: Mon, 5 May 2008 15:13:45 +0200 (CEST)
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [it]apt.po + 2 revised desktop files
Message-ID: <11362324.5128031209993225455.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>

Hi, folks!

I've finish the translation of apt.po. It certainly needs revision, but I'll do 
it later on, now I'd better spend my time for my PhD thesis.

I'm also attaching 2 revised desktop files.

Have a nice week!

Alessio
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: apt.po.tar.gz
Type: application/x-gzip
Size: 21370 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080505/0a5778b8/attachment.bin>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: desktop-files.tar.gz
Type: application/x-gzip
Size: 481923 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080505/0a5778b8/attachment-0001.bin>

From david at smidovi.eu  Wed May  7 07:34:30 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 07:34:30 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Desktop files localization issue
Message-ID: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>

Just a few questions for DidouPh:

Have you tried to use the scripts I sent you ?

Did you encounter any problems ?

Do you think it's a good idea ?

Do you plan to use this infrastructure for desktop-files localization ?

How exactly get the translations from our CVS to mainstream packages now (I 
think Gettinther is somehow involved in this ...) ?


David



From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Wed May  7 20:37:56 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Wed, 07 May 2008 20:37:56 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Desktop files localization issue
In-Reply-To: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4821F704.60404@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> Just a few questions for DidouPh:
> 
> Have you tried to use the scripts I sent you ?
> 
not yet for i didn't understood how they work and need time to get 
deeper into this... honestly i never use some software i don't 
understand the mechanism of ... but i yet told you that ... it sounds 
awesome but i don't understand the bennefits and drawback either ... i 
think i really need a practical example to tell you what i think of it 
and to use it either ... at the very moment, if it helps save time i'm 
all for it ! if it facilitate the translation and incorporation in 
mainstream, i'm all for it ...
> Did you encounter any problems ?
> 
not yet, of course
> Do you think it's a good idea ?
> 
i don't know ...
> Do you plan to use this infrastructure for desktop-files localization ?
> 
if i understand it and it is accepted by the pclinuxos packagers and 
(who knows) kde packagers for theire cvs, yes (don't forget that 50% of 
the desktop files in the cvs are KDE desktop file ... so it means we are 
bleeding edge of the i18n work in this area !
> How exactly get the translations from our CVS to mainstream packages now (I 
> think Gettinther is somehow involved in this ...) ?
> 
You have two options ...
1 : get added by the software packager in the package during an update!
2 : get added to the package by a 3rd party packager (gettinther, me, you ?)

we have no trail of addition, we just make noise !

unfortunately, its opensource, we propose and the ripper gang do as they 
wish ... so that's why a I18N team active in the developement of 100% 
localized iso is a must have @ mypclinuxos, to endavour a nonofficial 
distribution with i18n support and "compliant" rpms with specific 
repository ...

for desktop files or any piece of software that we develop or any 
framework we develop, the big thing is will it be added ... except for 
what i and gettinther, especially the DrakxTools and synaptic aswell as 
some desktop files ... almost everything is "to be done" and not done yet

at the very moment i'm wondering if a flavored distribution isn't the 
final objective ... since i18n team is very "limitated" in its weight 
upon the evolution and update of pclinuxos ...

DidouPh




From david at smidovi.eu  Thu May  8 21:24:16 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Thu, 08 May 2008 21:24:16 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Desktop files localization issue
In-Reply-To: <4821F704.60404@laposte.net>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu> <4821F704.60404@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> David Smid a ?crit :
>> Just a few questions for DidouPh:
>>
>> Have you tried to use the scripts I sent you ?
>>
> not yet for i didn't understood how they work and need time to get 
> deeper into this... honestly i never use some software i don't 
> understand the mechanism of ... but i yet told you that ... it sounds 
> awesome but i don't understand the bennefits and drawback either ... i 
> think i really need a practical example to tell you what i think of it 
> and to use it either ... at the very moment, if it helps save time i'm 
> all for it ! if it facilitate the translation and incorporation in 
> mainstream, i'm all for it ...

OK, I'll try to give you a better explanation.

1) What's wrong on current way of desktop files i18n and l10n
- Translations are contained in .desktop files. This brings a very high
risk of damaging it while adding or editing translations. A .desktop
file is an integral part of software and as such it should not be
touched by anybody else than the software authors.
- Translations of messages for one locale are scattered among tens or
hundreds of tiny files. It's very hard to guess what's already
translated and what is not.
- You cannot use standard l10n tools (KBabel).
- It's quite probable that two or more language teams might want to edit
one .desktop file at the same time. That would need someone to solve the
conflicts.

2) How should it look like to solve the problems mentioned above
- .desktop file should be a "skeleton" that would contain only English
phrases. No translations here.
- ALL translated strings of ALL .desktop files for ONE locale should be
contained in ONE file (preferably .po file).
- These files should be thought of as the "source" files, that can be
edited, but not used in software binary release.
- Those "classic" .desktop files with all available translations should
be able to be built anytime from the "sources".
- Notice, that there are no .mo files needed nor involved at all.

3) Solution for this problem is already here. Its name is intltool.
It's routinely used in many software projects. Unfortunately
documentation of intltool utilities is a little bit "fuzzy".
It took me quite a lot of time to understand what they really do.
The scripts I've sent you are just simple wrappers of intltool utilities
adapted for our situation. Nothing else.
I'll try to explain what they do. Don't hesitate to make experiments -
just copy desktop-files tree to some temporary location, copy the
scripts to this desktop-files directory, launch the scripts and watch
what happens.

make_intltool_ready
===================
<-------------- converts current state to the new infrastructure. Needed
to be launched only once.

#!/bin/sh

# Error fixes
...
<-------------- This part of script fixes a lot of problems with current
.desktop files. Otherwise, they couldn't have been adapted.

# intltool adaption process
mkdir po

intltool-prepare
<------------------ Creates .desktop.in files from .desktop files by
removing of all translations. These translations are moved to .po files
- one .po files per each locale. Also creates po/POTFILES.in with list
of all .desktop.in files.

cd po
sed -i -e '1 i[encoding: UTF-8]' POTFILES.in
INTLTOOL_EXTRACT=/usr/bin/intltool-extract intltool-update -p -g
desktop-files
<------------------ Creates desktop-files.pot file

cat > header <<EOT
# Translation of PCLinuxOS desktop files to %locale.
# FIRST AUTHOR <EMAIL at ADDRESS>, YEAR.
#
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: PCLinuxOS 2007\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2008-04-23 16:03+0200\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: YEAR-MO-DA HO:MI+ZONE\n"
"Last-Translator: FULL NAME <EMAIL at ADDRESS>\n"
"Language-Team: LANGUAGE <%locale at li.org>\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"

EOT

for fil in `ls *.po`
do
    LOCALE=${fil%%.po}
    echo "Processing $LOCALE ..."
    sed -e "s/%locale/$LOCALE/g" header > header.tmp
    cat header.tmp $fil > $fil.tmp
    mv -f $fil.tmp $fil
    INTLTOOL_EXTRACT=/usr/bin/intltool-extract intltool-update -d -g
desktop-files $LOCALE
<------------------- Adds proper header to all .po files and appends all
untranslated messages from desktop-files.pot

done
rm -f header.tmp

find . -name *.in -not -name POTFILES.in -print | (while read; do rm -f
${REPLY%%.in}; done )
<------------------- Deletes all original .desktop files, they are not
needed now. Only .desktop.in files should remain.



make_intltool_update
====================
<------------------- Updates desktop-files.pot and all .po files after
adding new .desktop file(s) to the tree. Also adds new .desktop.in items
to the list in POTFILES.in.

#!/bin/sh

intltool-prepare
<------------------- Processes newly added .desktop files and creates
.desktop.in files from them

cd po
INTLTOOL_EXTRACT=/usr/bin/intltool-extract intltool-update -p -g
desktop-files
<------------------- Updates desktop-files.pot

for fil in `ls *.po`
do
    LOCALE=${fil%%.po}
    echo "Processing $LOCALE ..."
    msguniq $fil -o $fil.tmp
    mv -f $fil.tmp $fil
    INTLTOOL_EXTRACT=/usr/bin/intltool-extract intltool-update -d -g
desktop-files $LOCALE
<------------------- Adds new messages to all .po files, makes sure all
msgids are unique.

done

find . -name *.in -not -name POTFILES.in -print | (while read; do rm -f
${REPLY%%.in}; done )
<------------------- Deletes all newly added .desktop files, they are
not needed now. Only .desktop.in files should remain.




build_desktop_files
===================
<------------------- Builds all .desktop files from source .desktop.in
files and .po files, result will be saved in directory
../desktop-files-build, directory tree will be mirrored.
In ../desktop-files-build, you will get exactly the same result, the
same files, that are held in CVS now. But they are only a result of
build process, not the editable sources. They should not be in CVS.
These .desktop files can be injected to repository packages, the same
way they are getting there now.

#!/bin/sh

mkdir ../desktop-files-build 2>/dev/null

find . -type d -not -name CVS -not -name .svn -not -path "./po" -exec
mkdir -p ../desktop-files-build/{} \;
<------------------- Copies directory structure to ../desktop-files-build

find . -name "*.in" -not -name POTFILES.in -print | while read
do
    intltool-merge -d -u -c po/.intltool-merge-cache po "$REPLY"
../desktop-files-build/"${REPLY%%.in}"
<------------------- Builds .desktop files from .desktop.in source
files, uses .po files to get messages translations.

done

>> Do you plan to use this infrastructure for desktop-files localization ?
>>
> if i understand it and it is accepted by the pclinuxos packagers and 
> (who knows) kde packagers for theire cvs, yes (don't forget that 50% of 
> the desktop files in the cvs are KDE desktop file ... so it means we are 
> bleeding edge of the i18n work in this area !

It is not necessary for packagers to accept our work in form of
.desktop.in + .po translations combo, although it's preferable.
We can provide ordinary .desktop files as well, just like we provided
them before.

>> How exactly get the translations from our CVS to mainstream packages now (I 
>> think Gettinther is somehow involved in this ...) ?
>>
> You have two options ...
> 1 : get added by the software packager in the package during an update!
> 2 : get added to the package by a 3rd party packager (gettinther, me, you ?)
> 
> we have no trail of addition, we just make noise !

There is also a third option: to get it added upstream by the software
author.

> unfortunately, its opensource, we propose and the ripper gang do as they 
> wish ... so that's why a I18N team active in the developement of 100% 
> localized iso is a must have @ mypclinuxos, to endavour a nonofficial 
> distribution with i18n support and "compliant" rpms with specific 
> repository ...
> 
> for desktop files or any piece of software that we develop or any 
> framework we develop, the big thing is will it be added ... except for 
> what i and gettinther, especially the DrakxTools and synaptic aswell as 
> some desktop files ... almost everything is "to be done" and not done yet
> 
> at the very moment i'm wondering if a flavored distribution isn't the 
> final objective ... since i18n team is very "limitated" in its weight 
> upon the evolution and update of pclinuxos ...

OK, so our only chance is to make the process of adding our achievements
to PCLOS packages as simple as possible. We need to create some
automatic facility for creating patches - because patches are very easy
to add to SRPM. We need to bombard packagers with i18n and l10n patches
because they can't refuse them just because their incorporation involves
too much work.

David



From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Thu May  8 22:53:15 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Thu, 08 May 2008 22:53:15 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Desktop files localization issue
In-Reply-To: <48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu> <4821F704.60404@laposte.net>
	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>

why don't we patch things by ourselves ?
i have an access to the contrib server !
we could release patches by million !!

all we need to do is grab the source rpm / patch it / release a revised 
rpm and submit it to the contrib server !

maybe a good start would be to provide etcskel rpm in flavored versions 
with dependency related to the locale !

what are your thought ?



From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 09:10:44 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 09:10:44 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>
	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>
	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> why don't we patch things by ourselves ?
> i have an access to the contrib server !
> we could release patches by million !!

Yes, we could do it this way. I have an access to contribs too.
But there's a risk of stepping on someone's toe (I mean original package
maintainer toe). What if he/she just prepares a new release and suddenly
realizes that someone else released a new version of HIS package in
between ?

I think we need to make some sort of agreement with major packagers
(Texstar, Neverstopdreaming, Gettinther, Thac, ...) and to keep them
informed.

> all we need to do is grab the source rpm / patch it / release a revised 
> rpm and submit it to the contrib server !
> 
> maybe a good start would be to provide etcskel rpm in flavored versions 
> with dependency related to the locale !
> 
> what are your thought ?

Yes, etcskel would be a good start. It's pretty outdated and very
important. I'll try to design some patch-building facility.


David


From gettinther at gmail.com  Fri May  9 11:34:57 2008
From: gettinther at gmail.com (gettinther)
Date: Fri, 9 May 2008 10:34:57 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu> <4821F704.60404@laposte.net>
	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu> <4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>
	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>

On Fri, May 9, 2008 at 8:10 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu> wrote:
> pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
>> why don't we patch things by ourselves ?
>> i have an access to the contrib server !
>> we could release patches by million !!
>
> Yes, we could do it this way. I have an access to contribs too.
> But there's a risk of stepping on someone's toe (I mean original package
> maintainer toe). What if he/she just prepares a new release and suddenly
> realizes that someone else released a new version of HIS package in
> between ?
>
> I think we need to make some sort of agreement with major packagers
> (Texstar, Neverstopdreaming, Gettinther, Thac, ...) and to keep them
> informed.
>
>> all we need to do is grab the source rpm / patch it / release a revised
>> rpm and submit it to the contrib server !
>>
>> maybe a good start would be to provide etcskel rpm in flavored versions
>> with dependency related to the locale !
>>
>> what are your thought ?
>
> Yes, etcskel would be a good start. It's pretty outdated and very
> important. I'll try to design some patch-building facility.
>
>
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
>

David,

When you grab the srpm you will find the last maintainer.  Just email
the maintainer to let him/her know about your intent and agree on a
setup for doing it (send srpm to contrib or email modified specfile
and patches to maintainer).

Nobody in the dev team will get mad if you do some work on one of
their packages as long as they are kept in the loop and not faced with
a "surprise" update

Gettinther.


From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Fri May  9 16:12:19 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (Alessio Adamo)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 16:12:19 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Desktop files localization issue
Message-ID: <48245BC3.5080302@fastwebnet.it>

David Smid ha scritto:
> <div class="moz-text-flowed" style="font-family: -moz-fixed">Just a 
> few questions for DidouPh:
>
> Have you tried to use the scripts I sent you ?
>
> Did you encounter any problems ?
>
> Do you think it's a good idea ?
>
> Do you plan to use this infrastructure for desktop-files localization ?
>
> How exactly get the translations from our CVS to mainstream packages 
> now (I think Gettinther is somehow involved in this ...) ?
>
>
> David
>
>
> </div>
Hi, David!

I agree that it's a much cleaner way to work and I'm certainly in for 
this change. I've tested your make_intltool_ready script few days ago 
and actually allowed me to realise that there were 2 original Comment 
strings in donate.desktop. So it's true, it's good help not to minimise 
the chances of mistakes.

Though, it doesn't seem to work completely right.

For instance, in it.po the message "Donate" is untranslated although in 
/etc/skel/donate.desktop and in /root/donate.desktop it is actually 
translated.

At the same time the message "Support the developement of PCLinuxOS by 
donating to the Team" (the Comment) is translated with "Fai una 
donazione" (the Name).

There are several other examples. If required, I'll list them all. I had 
a look also at fr.po and also there I could find some examples of this 
misbehaviour.

I can't figure out what the reason can be just by looking at the 
original desktop-files. You're probably more indicated to find out.

Bye,

Alessio



From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 20:36:49 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 20:36:49 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>
	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>
	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <482499C1.9020302@smidovi.eu>

gettinther napsal(a):

> David,
> 
> When you grab the srpm you will find the last maintainer.  Just email
> the maintainer to let him/her know about your intent and agree on a
> setup for doing it (send srpm to contrib or email modified specfile
> and patches to maintainer).
> 
> Nobody in the dev team will get mad if you do some work on one of
> their packages as long as they are kept in the loop and not faced with
> a "surprise" update

Yes, I know this is the official way now.
But I think it's not enough. We need to get some privileges.
We maintain localization for tens or hundreds of packages and the
localization itself can be updated quite often (every time a single
message gets added or edited in original package). Doing it like this
can be a very lengthy and bureaucratic procedure.
My experience with gtkdialog has taught me that we need to have a
privilege to release SRPM update to contrib server WITHOUT waiting for
permission from packager, our duty should only be to inform packager
about such release in advance (that privilege should be of course
strictly limited to changes concerning i18n or l10n).
Without such privilege, we will never catch up with mainstream and our
contributors will get frustrated because their work will take a lot of
time to get into the repos.

David




From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 20:41:14 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 20:41:14 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Desktop files localization issue
In-Reply-To: <48245BC3.5080302@fastwebnet.it>
References: <48245BC3.5080302@fastwebnet.it>
Message-ID: <48249ACA.9040302@smidovi.eu>

Alessio Adamo napsal(a):
> Hi, David!
> 
> I agree that it's a much cleaner way to work and I'm certainly in for 
> this change. I've tested your make_intltool_ready script few days ago 
> and actually allowed me to realise that there were 2 original Comment 
> strings in donate.desktop. So it's true, it's good help not to minimise 
> the chances of mistakes.
> 
> Though, it doesn't seem to work completely right.
> 
> For instance, in it.po the message "Donate" is untranslated although in 
> /etc/skel/donate.desktop and in /root/donate.desktop it is actually 
> translated.
> 
> At the same time the message "Support the developement of PCLinuxOS by 
> donating to the Team" (the Comment) is translated with "Fai una 
> donazione" (the Name).
> 
> There are several other examples. If required, I'll list them all. I had 
> a look also at fr.po and also there I could find some examples of this 
> misbehaviour.
> 
> I can't figure out what the reason can be just by looking at the 
> original desktop-files. You're probably more indicated to find out.
> 
> Bye,
> 
> Alessio

Thanks for the report I'll take a look at it. I had to fix a lot of
problems with current .desktop files in the make_intltool_ready script
to get intltool-prepare work without errors. These things you are
reporting may indicate another problems that might need to be fixed too.


David


From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May  9 21:14:09 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:14:09 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>
	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4824A281.3030001@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
>> why don't we patch things by ourselves ?
>> i have an access to the contrib server !
>> we could release patches by million !!
> 
> Yes, we could do it this way. I have an access to contribs too.
> But there's a risk of stepping on someone's toe (I mean original package
> maintainer toe). What if he/she just prepares a new release and suddenly
> realizes that someone else released a new version of HIS package in
> between ?
> 
> I think we need to make some sort of agreement with major packagers
> (Texstar, Neverstopdreaming, Gettinther, Thac, ...) and to keep them
> informed.
> 
the packager's e.mail is in the srpm changelog, we always can ask before 
doing it but, we yet are trusted since we have contrib server access !
we ,could just do it and the packager could commit our changes to his 
new release ... wich is indeed far more "revealent" than just moaning 
after some toe's stomper like us!

even thac didn't found me irreverent to provide a PD rpm for 2007 since 
his wasn't compatible with it and he even gave me tips to make it better !

we could start a merged project with santa wich could provide i18n 
support for packages ... as updates and new packages ... it would give 
pclinuxos a "fast growing" rpm base with loads of i18n support !

>> all we need to do is grab the source rpm / patch it / release a revised 
>> rpm and submit it to the contrib server !
>>
>> maybe a good start would be to provide etcskel rpm in flavored versions 
>> with dependency related to the locale !
>>
>> what are your thought ?
> 
> Yes, etcskel would be a good start. It's pretty outdated and very
> important. I'll try to design some patch-building facility.
can't we just ... think it before building the tool ?
i mean  ... we yet translated 2/3rd of the content, all we need at the 
moment is a metapackage ... all could go in the spec ... and a 
etcskel-fr.rpm, etcskel-cs.rpm, etcskel-de.rpm ...
> 
> 
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May  9 21:19:32 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:19:32 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <482499C1.9020302@smidovi.eu>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>
	<482499C1.9020302@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4824A3C4.80500@laposte.net>

i know that sux ... but that's how pclinuxos get so stable ... we all 
know what a typo can result in when the code get compiled ... and it can 
  pass trought the contrib filter ... so it is a major flaw and treat 
against pclinuxos sanity to allow such privilege ... but we could 
provide "testing" access to some "nifty" repository ... like mine ?




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May  9 21:20:43 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:20:43 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>
	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>
	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4824A40B.7080801@laposte.net>


> David,
> 
> When you grab the srpm you will find the last maintainer.  Just email
> the maintainer to let him/her know about your intent and agree on a
> setup for doing it (send srpm to contrib or email modified specfile
> and patches to maintainer).
> 
> Nobody in the dev team will get mad if you do some work on one of
> their packages as long as they are kept in the loop and not faced with
> a "surprise" update
> 
> Gettinther.
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 

ok sorry ... gettinther had said it just before me ... :P

late is better than lost :p




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May  9 21:21:49 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:21:49 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>
	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>
	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>
Message-ID: <4824A44D.4030909@laposte.net>

i'm forwarding this to the i18n team

there is a howto on the forum and more written by david smid that is
available from the i18n mailing list archive ... anyway we could think
about opening a i18n subproject for that purpose ...

what do you think ?

should i try and apoint someone to write down something for you guys to
publish ?

IceCruncher a ?crit :
> johncoom
> no I don't mind at all. thnks
> 
> didouph,
> I was thinking of putting the entire "changing languages" process etc.
> on a seperate page.
> actually It would make more sense to put the i18 on one page with a
> tutorial accompanying it.
> does the mypclos site contain all the info for the localization? is
> there anything important that's missing?
> 
> 
> 






From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 21:32:23 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:32:23 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [Users]  Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <64630f150805091212h5fbd6476vdf0fa77ddc621929@mail.gmail.com>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>
	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>
	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>	<4824997C.8010600@smidovi.eu>
	<48249B83.8040608@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150805091212h5fbd6476vdf0fa77ddc621929@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4824A6C7.50406@smidovi.eu>

gettinther napsal(a):
> This has to be done one step at a time.  You just can't take what you
> want and ignore the other devs.  This is a recipe for disaster.

Texstar would have always the last word, just like now. The problem is,
packagers are often busy and localization often spans over tens of
packages. You would need to handle up to tens of conversations to get
all your work published.
And let's say that then Afghani l10n team jumps in, translates all
available packages and expects to have Afghani translations in the
repos. You will have to undergo this process again.

> I know that localization is important but so is the work of the devs.
> So whatever solution is agreed to, it needs to be done in an orderly
> manner.

OK, let's obey the rules. No problem for me.

> Also, packages cannot be changed every time a new localization is
> added.  This would cause the update rate to go through the roof and
> cause major users anger as users from Australia are limited in their
> download allowance and users on dial up will simply freak out (those
> are only examples).

What about dividing software and l10n to at least two packages ?

David



From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 21:43:30 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:43:30 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4824A281.3030001@laposte.net>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>
	<4824A281.3030001@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <4824A962.7040708@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> David Smid a ?crit :
>> Yes, etcskel would be a good start. It's pretty outdated and very
>> important. I'll try to design some patch-building facility.
> can't we just ... think it before building the tool ?
> i mean  ... we yet translated 2/3rd of the content, all we need at the 
> moment is a metapackage ... all could go in the spec ... and a 
> etcskel-fr.rpm, etcskel-cs.rpm, etcskel-de.rpm ...


I actually had in mind only designing some general patch-building
facility. Not building anything yet. Just thinking about how to make an
automated patch generator. You know, I like inventing new gadgets :)

I really like the metapackage idea. Let's do it.

David


From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 21:48:44 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 21:48:44 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4824A3C4.80500@laposte.net>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>	<482499C1.9020302@smidovi.eu>
	<4824A3C4.80500@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <4824AA9C.9090303@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> i know that sux ... but that's how pclinuxos get so stable ... we all 
> know what a typo can result in when the code get compiled ... and it can 
>   pass trought the contrib filter ... so it is a major flaw and treat 
> against pclinuxos sanity to allow such privilege ... but we could 
> provide "testing" access to some "nifty" repository ... like mine ?

Some i18n-testing repository would be VERY handy. It could solve a lot
of problems. The path of our updated packages would be as follows:

i18n-testing -> contribs (with packager's permission) -> testing ->
main/kde/extra/nonfree

David


From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May  9 22:10:31 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 22:10:31 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [Users]  Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4824A6C7.50406@smidovi.eu>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>	<4824997C.8010600@smidovi.eu>	<48249B83.8040608@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805091212h5fbd6476vdf0fa77ddc621929@mail.gmail.com>
	<4824A6C7.50406@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4824AFB7.509@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> gettinther napsal(a):
>> This has to be done one step at a time.  You just can't take what you
>> want and ignore the other devs.  This is a recipe for disaster.
> 
> Texstar would have always the last word, just like now. The problem is,
> packagers are often busy and localization often spans over tens of
> packages. You would need to handle up to tens of conversations to get
> all your work published.
> And let's say that then Afghani l10n team jumps in, translates all
> available packages and expects to have Afghani translations in the
> repos. You will have to undergo this process again.

that is called update and patch process ...

> 
>> I know that localization is important but so is the work of the devs.
>> So whatever solution is agreed to, it needs to be done in an orderly
>> manner.
> 
> OK, let's obey the rules. No problem for me.
> 
>> Also, packages cannot be changed every time a new localization is
>> added.  This would cause the update rate to go through the roof and
>> cause major users anger as users from Australia are limited in their
>> download allowance and users on dial up will simply freak out (those
>> are only examples).
> 
> What about dividing software and l10n to at least two packages ?
why not but ... how could we make sure that translation are 
automatically installed for the appropriate language ... what you 
propose could lead to multiplying package in repo by 10 where i18n 
framework yet handle installation of "needed" localization...
> 
> David
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May  9 22:31:30 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 09 May 2008 22:31:30 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Pushing our work to mainstream
In-Reply-To: <4824AFB7.509@laposte.net>
References: <48213F66.8020000@smidovi.eu>	<4821F704.60404@laposte.net>	<48235360.1010208@smidovi.eu>	<4823683B.6090109@laposte.net>	<4823F8F4.1000806@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805090234u2f5d5766m35263dcef7b1f67f@mail.gmail.com>	<4824997C.8010600@smidovi.eu>	<48249B83.8040608@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150805091212h5fbd6476vdf0fa77ddc621929@mail.gmail.com>	<4824A6C7.50406@smidovi.eu>
	<4824AFB7.509@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <4824B4A2.1030203@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> David Smid a ?crit :
>> What about dividing software and l10n to at least two packages ?
> why not but ... how could we make sure that translation are 
> automatically installed for the appropriate language ... what you 
> propose could lead to multiplying package in repo by 10 where i18n 
> framework yet handle installation of "needed" localization...

I actually had in mind dividing "package" into "package" and a single
"package-l10n" or "package-i18n". But as you noticed, this could lead to
installation problems, users would need to be aware of this division and
install all "-l10n" packages (just like in the case of KDE or
OpenOffice). Not worth the trouble.

David



From didouph at gmail.com  Sat May 10 21:11:28 2008
From: didouph at gmail.com (didouph)
Date: Sat, 10 May 2008 21:11:28 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>
	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>
	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>
	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>
	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>
Message-ID: <4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>

a subproject in the i18n project, dedicated to providing informations on 
how to localize the system ... this is a long term task that need 
several critical point to be checked in order to be effective ... the 
writeup would need to be translated and this means that more than you 
needs to take a lok at it and carry it on ... so its in a way a cross 
project between doc and i18n and a subproject of i18n !

DidouPh

IceCruncher a ?crit :
> as in a writeup? collecting all the info so it's easy to put it
> together. sure
> I'd appreciate it.
> you can even publish it yourself if you want to.
> I don't mind doing it though.
> 
> what do you mean with subproject?
> what I was thinking of doing was creating a new page for the i18
> project + info then crosslinking it with LangRemastered
> 
> 
> On May 10, 2:04 am, didouph <dido... at gmail.com> wrote:
>> there is a howto on the forum and more written by david smid that is
>> available from the i18n mailing list archive ... anyway we could think
>> about opening a i18n subproject for that purpose ...
>>
>> what do you think ?
>>
>> should i try and apoint someone to write down something for you guys to
>> publish ?
>>
>> IceCruncher a ?crit :
>>
>>> johncoom
>>> no I don't mind at all. thnks
>>> didouph,
>>> I was thinking of putting the entire "changing languages" process etc.
>>> on a seperate page.
>>> actually It would make more sense to put the i18 on one page with a
>>> tutorial accompanying it.
>>> does the mypclos site contain all the info for the localization? is
>>> there anything important that's missing?
> 



From david at smidovi.eu  Sun May 11 08:31:54 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Sun, 11 May 2008 08:31:54 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>
	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>

didouph napsal(a):
> a subproject in the i18n project, dedicated to providing informations on 
> how to localize the system ... this is a long term task that need 
> several critical point to be checked in order to be effective ... the 
> writeup would need to be translated and this means that more than you 
> needs to take a lok at it and carry it on ... so its in a way a cross 
> project between doc and i18n and a subproject of i18n !
> 
> DidouPh

I'm a little bit lost in this. If I understand it right, it has
something to do with the liveCD i18n project we were talking about.

Where do you want this project to live ? Where should it have its wiki ?
Do you want to separate it from the pclos-i18n project ?

Too much questions, I know, but I'm really confused.

David



From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Sun May 11 09:24:14 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Sun, 11 May 2008 09:24:14 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>
	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>


oh sorry ...

they are several more answers i need to give that are not in your 
question but that you will ask soon so i will answer them now, once for 
good.

- we have yet done a tremendous amount of work
- we explored several aspect of i18n and i10n
- It appears that 3 major fields of action are to be covered in the 
overall project development
- 1 : software translation
- 2 : documentation translation
- 3 : translation distribution

- software translation can be divided in  subfields of action
- 1 : translating in an existing framework
- 2 : implementing a framework for translation
- field one is regular po and .desktop translation, the second is 
toolization of translation using your scripts an implementing softwares 
with not i18n framework like mklivecd with new localizable features ... 
we yet modifyed synaptic to make it language friendly.

- Documentation translation can also be divided in two fields of action
- 1 : internal documentation translation
- 2 : external documentation translation
- internal points at html files embedded in the live cd and dedicated to 
help the user getting started with pclinuxos, the rest is mainly the 
wiki.... in this mail, i'm referring to a guideline dedicated to tell 
the user how to localize his system rather than a page dedicated to 
language remaster ... and this could be a cross project between us and 
the doc project ...

- Translation distribution can also be done in two ways
- 1 : srpm patching
- 2 : submitting translation to software developers
- srpm patching can be done either by s, the ripper gang or santa team, 
the submission can only be provided by us ... in the end, both can be 
done but we need to pick a solution and i really believe that waiting is 
a nonsense since , on a very practical way, we would add to the workload 
rather than reducing it, so our work won't be of any help if we don't do 
it ourself by patching the srpms and submitting additional translation 
to software dev for implementation in future release!

in the end, we have several area where we have opportunities to 
collaborate with other project and thus grant a liability and stability 
to the effort we've made ...

the big picture would be to progressively inject i18n content in the 
main repo ... since tex yet mentioned he neither have time and skills to 
do it ... since we have both, why not doing it

At the very moment, there is a place which host several pclinuxos 
related projects, i18n is one of those and that place is mypclinuxos... 
if i don't post there, no one else does despite the recent interest of 
alessio into this ... we have a wiki and a forum running, more can be 
added once its needed, eventually a i18n.mypclinuxos.com with a full 
toolset, dedicated repository and forum with a documentation wiki 
dedicated to translators ... but first we need to write up the various 
area of action and the task that needs to be fulfilled, write down a 
road map ... get organized before jumping on anything else ...

I have more time than i had but i'm not even 30% on pclinuxos at the 
very moment, so don't expect me to take all decision alone and neither 
expect me to carry on all the test and moderation, i'm more a 
coordinator than a chief, i'm a leader ... you are the real guts of this 
project...

the wiki mentioned are the one @ mypclinuxos 
(http://www.mypclinuxos.com/doku.php/localization) and the one of the 
doc project (http://docs.pclinuxos.com/HomePage)

DidouPh

David Smid a ?crit :
> didouph napsal(a):
>> a subproject in the i18n project, dedicated to providing informations on 
>> how to localize the system ... this is a long term task that need 
>> several critical point to be checked in order to be effective ... the 
>> writeup would need to be translated and this means that more than you 
>> needs to take a lok at it and carry it on ... so its in a way a cross 
>> project between doc and i18n and a subproject of i18n !
>>
>> DidouPh
> 
> I'm a little bit lost in this. If I understand it right, it has
> something to do with the liveCD i18n project we were talking about.
> 
> Where do you want this project to live ? Where should it have its wiki ?
> Do you want to separate it from the pclos-i18n project ?
> 
> Too much questions, I know, but I'm really confused.
> 
> David
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Tue May 13 01:20:58 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 01:20:58 +0200 (CEST)
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
Message-ID: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>

Hi, didouph!

I agree with you, we need some roadmap and we need to let users know what we've 
achieved until now. The mailing list is quite active, but it's only for (few of)
 us. What users see is a half-dead forum and a dead wiki plus non-localised rpms
. Hence, they might think that the il18n team is not productive, which is not tr
ue.
I think the first thing to do is the localisation of the control center or anyth
ing else which would be outstanding. Something that people immediately spot. You
 mentioned /etc/skel. Yes, why not?
Meanwhile, we should also inform the users of our progress. Translators, and who
ever is involved, should send a small periodic report through the mailing-list a
nd we should public on our wiki what is going on. Moreover, if we hear from each
 other more often, we get a better feeling of our vitality.
When our translations are implemented in an important rpm, we should be allowed 
to announce it on the main pclos webpage. This could also attract the interest o
f new people on our work.

At the moment I'm too busy to put a lot of effort in this, but from June I had a
lready planned to take care of our wiki. I would write how to join our project, 
what to do to start translating, descriptions of how a desktop file works and ho
w a po file works, summary of our concrete plans, news on what's new and so on

I'd also like to try to implement gettext in scripts such as mkremaster and live
usb. Or maybe David can do that, since he has already done it for VIT, am I wron
g? (I would have to learn completely for scratch)

As I said, I can't give you much of my time until the end of May, but from June 
I'll be yours.



From david at smidovi.eu  Tue May 13 14:01:50 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 14:01:50 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>
	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> At the very moment, there is a place which host several pclinuxos 
> related projects, i18n is one of those and that place is mypclinuxos... 
> if i don't post there, no one else does despite the recent interest of 
> alessio into this ... we have a wiki and a forum running, more can be 
> added once its needed, eventually a i18n.mypclinuxos.com with a full 
> toolset, dedicated repository and forum with a documentation wiki 
> dedicated to translators ... but first we need to write up the various 
> area of action and the task that needs to be fulfilled, write down a 
> road map ... get organized before jumping on anything else ...

Thanks for clarification, the roadmap is really a must have. I volunteer to make 
some. Can I count with the i18n repository in it ?

> I have more time than i had but i'm not even 30% on pclinuxos at the 
> very moment, so don't expect me to take all decision alone and neither 
> expect me to carry on all the test and moderation, i'm more a 
> coordinator than a chief, i'm a leader ... you are the real guts of this 
> project...

I quite busy too, fighting on several fronts (pclinuxos.cz, RPM packaging, VIT 
development, bug reports, translating, preparing for Czech PCLOS 2008 liveCD) 
but I will do as much as I can.

> the wiki mentioned are the one @ mypclinuxos 
> (http://www.mypclinuxos.com/doku.php/localization) and the one of the 
> doc project (http://docs.pclinuxos.com/HomePage)

Can I have a write access to this Wiki ?

David




From david at smidovi.eu  Tue May 13 14:17:27 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 14:17:27 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
References: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
Message-ID: <482986D7.9080101@smidovi.eu>

alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it napsal(a):
> Meanwhile, we should also inform the users of our progress. Translators, and who
> ever is involved, should send a small periodic report through the mailing-list a
> nd we should public on our wiki what is going on. Moreover, if we hear from each
>  other more often, we get a better feeling of our vitality.
> When our translations are implemented in an important rpm, we should be allowed 
> to announce it on the main pclos webpage. This could also attract the interest o
> f new people on our work.

Excellent idea. Let others know we're alive !

> At the moment I'm too busy to put a lot of effort in this, but from June I had a
> lready planned to take care of our wiki. I would write how to join our project, 
> what to do to start translating, descriptions of how a desktop file works and ho
> w a po file works, summary of our concrete plans, news on what's new and so on

Thank you for this, I'm sure it will attract more translators. I suspect they 
are hiding on their local websites, enjoying being independent "warlords", 
making their forks without global cooperation and reinventing the wheel over and 
over again.

> I'd also like to try to implement gettext in scripts such as mkremaster and live
> usb. Or maybe David can do that, since he has already done it for VIT, am I wron
> g? (I would have to learn completely for scratch)

Yes, I can do that, it's easy, there's nothing to implement, all you need is to 
enclose all texts in some gettextizing function call.
I plan to put some i18n guides in the wiki.

David



From didouph at gmail.com  Tue May 13 20:12:37 2008
From: didouph at gmail.com (didouph)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 20:12:37 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
References: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
Message-ID: <4829DA15.50300@gmail.com>

SORRY

i had to resend it to the list for the reason that only alessio got it :/

alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it a ?crit :
> Hi, didouph!
> 
> I agree with you, we need some roadmap and we need to let users know what we've 
> achieved until now. The mailing list is quite active, but it's only for(few of)
>  us. What users see is a half-dead forum and a dead wiki plus non-localised rpms
> . Hence, they might think that the il18n team is not productive, which is not tr
> ue.

thats the point !! check the mailing list archive ... i already warned
people about that ! we lost a lot of activity last yet due to that !

> I think the first thing to do is the localisation of the control centeror anyth
> ing else which would be outstanding. Something that people immediately spot. You
>  mentioned /etc/skel. Yes, why not?

that's yet the plan ... the roadmap aims to translate drakxtools and
synaptic first, then desktop files and doc ... the rest is OPTIONAL. Tex
is rebuilding the drakxtools from mandy 2008 so we will have to restart
the work from scratch really soon !!

> Meanwhile, we should also inform the users of our progress. Translators, and who
> ever is involved, should send a small periodic report through the mailing-list a
> nd we should public on our wiki what is going on.

we yet do that on the mailing list ... its hard to do it on the
mypclinuxos wiki and the "matoilnet" wiki needs to be moved on the
mypclinuxos one ... having a little cms or blog front page would be nice
... why not doing it @ berlios ?

  Moreover, if we hear from each
>  other more often, we get a better feeling of our vitality.
> When our translations are implemented in an important rpm, we should beallowed 
> to announce it on the main pclos webpage.

NO, we are not pclinuxos ripper gang ... anyway , try to imagine what
would the front page of pclinuxos be if any single repository update got
reported on frontpage ? a freaking mess ... only with us, it would be 
something to get mad and sick at if we have only 10% of the success we 
expect !!

  This could also attract the interest o
> f new people on our work.
> 

we could report the overall but not the detailed progress ... anything
else would sound and echo as g33kery

> At the moment I'm too busy to put a lot of effort in this, but from June I had a
> lready planned to take care of our wiki. I would write how to join our project, 
> what to do to start translating, descriptions of how a desktop file works and ho
> w a po file works, summary of our concrete plans, news on what's new and so on
> 

we are not in a hurry, take care and take your time

> I'd also like to try to implement gettext in scripts such as mkremasterand live
> usb. Or maybe David can do that, since he has already done it for VIT, am I wron
> g? (I would have to learn completely for scratch)
> 

yes david is your main interlocutor on that very topic, i think he yet
did some progress in this way ...

> As I said, I can't give you much of my time until the end of May, but from June 
> I'll be yours.
> 

thanks Alessio

I will think about a frontpage blog for the project and eventually a
berlios or a mypclinuxos page

if you have any proposal ...

DidouPh





From didouph at gmail.com  Tue May 13 20:18:25 2008
From: didouph at gmail.com (didouph)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 20:18:25 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>
	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>

David Smid a ?crit :
> pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
>> At the very moment, there is a place which host several pclinuxos 
>> related projects, i18n is one of those and that place is mypclinuxos... 
>> if i don't post there, no one else does despite the recent interest of 
>> alessio into this ... we have a wiki and a forum running, more can be 
>> added once its needed, eventually a i18n.mypclinuxos.com with a full 
>> toolset, dedicated repository and forum with a documentation wiki 
>> dedicated to translators ... but first we need to write up the various 
>> area of action and the task that needs to be fulfilled, write down a 
>> road map ... get organized before jumping on anything else ...
> 
> Thanks for clarification, the roadmap is really a must have. I volunteer to make 
> some. Can I count with the i18n repository in it ?

you can write down a roadmap
you can count any web based service with it, including cgi/bin apps and 
about 1tb webspace ... this would have to be shared with santa little 
helper for the repository!

i would recommand that we first restructure the team with dedicated 
task, what do you think of setting up a community builder enabled site 
to manage the project ? devnet told me he could power something really 
nifty with a bugtracker in it :)

> 
>> I have more time than i had but i'm not even 30% on pclinuxos at the 
>> very moment, so don't expect me to take all decision alone and neither 
>> expect me to carry on all the test and moderation, i'm more a 
>> coordinator than a chief, i'm a leader ... you are the real guts of this 
>> project...
> 
> I quite busy too, fighting on several fronts (pclinuxos.cz, RPM packaging, VIT 
> development, bug reports, translating, preparing for Czech PCLOS 2008 liveCD) 
> but I will do as much as I can.

do as much as you want so you won't get exhausted :)
trust me !
> 
>> the wiki mentioned are the one @ mypclinuxos 
>> (http://www.mypclinuxos.com/doku.php/localization) and the one of the 
>> doc project (http://docs.pclinuxos.com/HomePage)
> 
> Can I have a write access to this Wiki ?

register on the first one and the other is open to all for writing :)

btw ... anyone willing to spep in as co-leader ?

DidouPh



From didouph at gmail.com  Tue May 13 20:22:12 2008
From: didouph at gmail.com (didouph)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 20:22:12 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <482986D7.9080101@smidovi.eu>
References: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
	<482986D7.9080101@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4829DC54.2060100@gmail.com>

David Smid a ?crit :
> alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it napsal(a):
>> Meanwhile, we should also inform the users of our progress. Translators, and who
>> ever is involved, should send a small periodic report through the mailing-list a
>> nd we should public on our wiki what is going on. Moreover, if we hear from each
>>  other more often, we get a better feeling of our vitality.
>> When our translations are implemented in an important rpm, we should be allowed 
>> to announce it on the main pclos webpage. This could also attract the interest o
>> f new people on our work.
> 
> Excellent idea. Let others know we're alive !
> 
A good idea isn't always a good idea ... it can produce real mess if we 
announce all the time ... pclinuxos isn't officially supporting us ... 
we need to showcase our value before going farther ... tex will add us 
to the hall of fame if he feels like we deserve it !!

>> At the moment I'm too busy to put a lot of effort in this, but from June I had a
>> lready planned to take care of our wiki. I would write how to join our project, 
>> what to do to start translating, descriptions of how a desktop file works and ho
>> w a po file works, summary of our concrete plans, news on what's new and so on
> 
> Thank you for this, I'm sure it will attract more translators. I suspect they 
> are hiding on their local websites, enjoying being independent "warlords", 
> making their forks without global cooperation and reinventing the wheel over and 
> over again.
> 

cbj will do the trick for the infrastructure ... we could have a merged 
wiki/forum/frontpage at once !!

>> I'd also like to try to implement gettext in scripts such as mkremaster and live
>> usb. Or maybe David can do that, since he has already done it for VIT, am I wron
>> g? (I would have to learn completely for scratch)
> 
> Yes, I can do that, it's easy, there's nothing to implement, all you need is to 
> enclose all texts in some gettextizing function call.
> I plan to put some i18n guides in the wiki.
lets have fun with it !!



From david at smidovi.eu  Tue May 13 20:42:51 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 20:42:51 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4829DA15.50300@gmail.com>
References: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
	<4829DA15.50300@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4829E12B.4090207@smidovi.eu>

didouph napsal(a):
>> Meanwhile, we should also inform the users of our progress. Translators, and who
>> ever is involved, should send a small periodic report through the mailing-list a
>> nd we should public on our wiki what is going on.
> 
> we yet do that on the mailing list ... its hard to do it on the
> mypclinuxos wiki and the "matoilnet" wiki needs to be moved on the
> mypclinuxos one ... having a little cms or blog front page would be nice
> ... why not doing it @ berlios ?

I think berlios is too geeky website, we should have some nice central
address, something easy to remember, be it mypclinuxos.com subdomain or
even our own domain. What about i18n.mypclinuxos.com you once proposed ?
All our resources should be easily accessible from here.

>>  Moreover, if we hear from each
>>  other more often, we get a better feeling of our vitality.
>> When our translations are implemented in an important rpm, we should beallowed 
>> to announce it on the main pclos webpage.
> 
> NO, we are not pclinuxos ripper gang ... anyway , try to imagine what
> would the front page of pclinuxos be if any single repository update got
> reported on frontpage ? a freaking mess ... only with us, it would be 
> something to get mad and sick at if we have only 10% of the success we 
> expect !!

I think there should be some link to our web on the main website. We
should also make some FAQ and explain our relation to the official
PCLinuxOS there. The detailed information about our progress could be
presented on our web for anyone who's interested.


David


From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Tue May 13 20:57:26 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 20:57:26 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4829E12B.4090207@smidovi.eu>
References: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>	<4829DA15.50300@gmail.com>
	<4829E12B.4090207@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <4829E496.6090807@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> didouph napsal(a):
>>> Meanwhile, we should also inform the users of our progress. Translators, and who
>>> ever is involved, should send a small periodic report through the mailing-list a
>>> nd we should public on our wiki what is going on.
>> we yet do that on the mailing list ... its hard to do it on the
>> mypclinuxos wiki and the "matoilnet" wiki needs to be moved on the
>> mypclinuxos one ... having a little cms or blog front page would be nice
>> ... why not doing it @ berlios ?
> 
> I think berlios is too geeky website, we should have some nice central
> address, something easy to remember, be it mypclinuxos.com subdomain or
> even our own domain. What about i18n.mypclinuxos.com you once proposed ?
> All our resources should be easily accessible from here.
> 

@ mypclinuxos.com ... ok
but the repos will be hosted on my subdomain (matoilnet.net) along with 
santa ...

>>>  Moreover, if we hear from each
>>>  other more often, we get a better feeling of our vitality.
>>> When our translations are implemented in an important rpm, we should beallowed 
>>> to announce it on the main pclos webpage.
>> NO, we are not pclinuxos ripper gang ... anyway , try to imagine what
>> would the front page of pclinuxos be if any single repository update got
>> reported on frontpage ? a freaking mess ... only with us, it would be 
>> something to get mad and sick at if we have only 10% of the success we 
>> expect !!
> 
> I think there should be some link to our web on the main website. We
> should also make some FAQ and explain our relation to the official
> PCLinuxOS there. The detailed information about our progress could be
> presented on our web for anyone who's interested.

i can guarantee an announce on mypclinuxos front page
you could lobby on the dev list once the site gets launched ...

what do you think ?

> 
> 
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From david at smidovi.eu  Tue May 13 21:00:29 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 21:00:29 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>
	<4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>

didouph napsal(a):
> you can write down a roadmap
> you can count any web based service with it, including cgi/bin apps and 
> about 1tb webspace ... this would have to be shared with santa little 
> helper for the repository!

I'd like to write this roadmap as a wiki page to enable other people's
corrections and additions.

> i would recommand that we first restructure the team with dedicated 
> task, what do you think of setting up a community builder enabled site 
> to manage the project ? devnet told me he could power something really 
> nifty with a bugtracker in it :)

What do you mean by "community builder" ? Do you have in mind some
development portal ?
Why not, bugtracker would be very helpful. I would also recommend using
SVN instead of CVS.

> btw ... anyone willing to spep in as co-leader ?

Not me, sorry, I already have too much duties ...


David


From david at smidovi.eu  Tue May 13 21:06:46 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 21:06:46 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4829E496.6090807@laposte.net>
References: <16377537.5800611210634458143.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>	<4829DA15.50300@gmail.com>	<4829E12B.4090207@smidovi.eu>
	<4829E496.6090807@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <4829E6C6.2010305@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> David Smid a ?crit :
>> I think berlios is too geeky website, we should have some nice central
>> address, something easy to remember, be it mypclinuxos.com subdomain or
>> even our own domain. What about i18n.mypclinuxos.com you once proposed ?
>> All our resources should be easily accessible from here.
>>
> 
> @ mypclinuxos.com ... ok
> but the repos will be hosted on my subdomain (matoilnet.net) along with 
> santa ...

That's OK, repo is our private affair.

>> I think there should be some link to our web on the main website. We
>> should also make some FAQ and explain our relation to the official
>> PCLinuxOS there. The detailed information about our progress could be
>> presented on our web for anyone who's interested.
> 
> i can guarantee an announce on mypclinuxos front page
> you could lobby on the dev list once the site gets launched ...
> 
> what do you think ?

OK, I'll try to push that through. I will also make an appointment on
pclinuxos.cz :-)

David



From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Tue May 13 23:21:12 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 23:21:12 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>	<4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>
	<4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <482A0648.60904@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> didouph napsal(a):
>> you can write down a roadmap
>> you can count any web based service with it, including cgi/bin apps and 
>> about 1tb webspace ... this would have to be shared with santa little 
>> helper for the repository!
> 
> I'd like to write this roadmap as a wiki page to enable other people's
> corrections and additions.
> 
>> i would recommand that we first restructure the team with dedicated 
>> task, what do you think of setting up a community builder enabled site 
>> to manage the project ? devnet told me he could power something really 
>> nifty with a bugtracker in it :)
> 
> What do you mean by "community builder" ? Do you have in mind some
> development portal ?
> Why not, bugtracker would be very helpful. I would also recommend using
> SVN instead of CVS.
> 
>> btw ... anyone willing to spep in as co-leader ?
> 
> Not me, sorry, I already have too much duties ...
> 
> 
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 
i have joomla / comunity builder / smf / melt down in mind ... i plan to 
implement it on mypclinuxos too ... and i will add a bugtracker to it 
... it will also have a task and project management, making it a REAL 
tool ... i think it could be gr8 to betatest it on i18n ...

gime a coupke o day to get that ironed out ... and we will Roll




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Tue May 13 23:50:47 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Tue, 13 May 2008 23:50:47 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] [pclosdocs] Re: LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <482A0648.60904@laposte.net>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>	<4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>	<4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>
	<482A0648.60904@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <482A0D37.7030206@laposte.net>

here is my test url ...

don't tell anyone i can do what i want with mypclinuxos or i would have 
to kill you :)

http://test.mypclinuxos.com/index.php



From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Wed May 14 16:37:41 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (Alessio Adamo)
Date: Wed, 14 May 2008 16:37:41 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <482A0D37.7030206@laposte.net>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>	<4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>	<4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>	<482A0648.60904@laposte.net>
	<482A0D37.7030206@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <482AF935.3080702@fastwebnet.it>

pierre-henri-ramboz ha scritto:
> <div class="moz-text-flowed" style="font-family: -moz-fixed">here is 
> my test url ...
>
> don't tell anyone i can do what i want with mypclinuxos or i would 
> have to kill you :)
>
> http://test.mypclinuxos.com/index.php
>
>
> </div>
Looking very professional!

Talking about announcements in the main forum, I was referring to big 
things like complete localisation of the pclos control center. I think 
this is something which deserves an announcement with a background of 
trumpets. It's the only thing missing in this distro which can keep away 
new users.




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Wed May 14 17:36:18 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Wed, 14 May 2008 17:36:18 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <482AF935.3080702@fastwebnet.it>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>	<4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>	<4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>	<482A0648.60904@laposte.net>	<482A0D37.7030206@laposte.net>
	<482AF935.3080702@fastwebnet.it>
Message-ID: <482B06F2.8030809@laposte.net>

>> here is 
>> my test url ...
>>
>> don't tell anyone i can do what i want with mypclinuxos or i would 
>> have to kill you :)
>>
>> http://test.mypclinuxos.com/index.php
>>
>>
>> </div>
> Looking very professional!
> 
Thanks, this is going to be more and more toolized ... i added the
bugtracker which will be accessible for registered users and i am
working on the forum/wiki integration ... next i'll add a wiki ... all
united under 1 portal ... so we will have

frontpage/bugtracker/syndication/article/wiki/forum/blog/

i never worked with svn so i will need some help on setting up a svn
reposiory - the rpm repository can be set-up later @ matoilnet ...

i think we may have a good test base in a few hours ...

consider this site as a TEST and not a FINAL since its the plan for the
future of mypclinuxos ... all project will be able to create, manage and
  issue bug track deal with dedicated wiki and post on a unique portal ...

the goal is to make it a hub and not a host ... we are, with santa, the
most active and advanced project ... so lets test it ... then share it
... it doesn't prevent us from having a small page to describe our work
and point to our "work base"

> Talking about announcements in the main forum, I was referring to big 
> things like complete localisation of the pclos control center. I think 
> this is something which deserves an announcement with a background of 
> trumpets. It's the only thing missing in this distro which can keep away 
> new users.
> 
> 

try to announce anything in the main forum that comes from an external
source but PCLinuxOS and you'll get surprised how fast a post can be
modded !


> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Thu May 15 02:25:01 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Thu, 15 May 2008 02:25:01 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] LangRemastered
In-Reply-To: <482B06F2.8030809@laposte.net>
References: <7c661b71-17bc-4c8c-a1c3-ab8cd616b4c2@1g2000prg.googlegroups.com>	<4823F04F.3050204@gmail.com>	<3d9a3d65-e154-4c99-9fed-9235823cba72@j33g2000pri.googlegroups.com>	<4824A03C.1010003@gmail.com>	<553269b1-7ec7-4217-913a-94c743e27442@a9g2000prl.googlegroups.com>	<4825F360.4000103@gmail.com>	<482692DA.9050507@smidovi.eu>	<48269F1E.6060502@laposte.net>	<4829832E.40908@smidovi.eu>	<4829DB71.1010400@gmail.com>	<4829E54D.5020809@smidovi.eu>	<482A0648.60904@laposte.net>	<482A0D37.7030206@laposte.net>	<482AF935.3080702@fastwebnet.it>
	<482B06F2.8030809@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <482B82DD.8060403@laposte.net>

test website is operational
you can register and test useability @ test.mypclinuxos.com

i might switch the forum to phpbb3 but except that and the joomla 
version used (will be 1.5 for release) all is set up properly and as it 
would be if aknoledged being efficient by all ...

if some of you want to test administration, i can mod your account for 
that purpose.

DidouPh



From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Thu May 15 12:40:35 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it)
Date: Thu, 15 May 2008 12:40:35 +0200 (CEST)
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Website test
Message-ID: <1173673.6048361210848035300.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>

Hi, Didouph!

When I try to register, I get this error:

Warning: require_once(/home/pclos/public_html/test/mambots/system/xajax_0.2.4/xa
jax.inc.php) [function.require-once]: failed to open stream: No such file or dir
ectory in /home/pclos/public_html/test/components/com_comprofiler/plugin/user/pl
ug_cbconnector/cbconnector.php on line 31

Fatal error: require_once() [function.require]: Failed opening required '/home/p
clos/public_html/test/mambots/system/xajax_0.2.4/xajax.inc.php' (include_path='.
:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/pclos/public_html/test/components/co
m_comprofiler/plugin/user/plug_cbconnector/cbconnector.php on line 31

What is it? Can you register only from pclos (I tried from win)? Anyway I don't 
have that folder...



From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Thu May 15 20:56:59 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Thu, 15 May 2008 20:56:59 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Website test
In-Reply-To: <1173673.6048361210848035300.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
References: <1173673.6048361210848035300.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
Message-ID: <482C877B.9040803@laposte.net>

alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it a ?crit :
> Hi, Didouph!
> 
> When I try to register, I get this error:
> 
> Warning: require_once(/home/pclos/public_html/test/mambots/system/xajax_0.2.4/xa
> jax.inc.php) [function.require-once]: failed to open stream: No such file or dir
> ectory in /home/pclos/public_html/test/components/com_comprofiler/plugin/user/pl
> ug_cbconnector/cbconnector.php on line 31
> 
> Fatal error: require_once() [function.require]: Failed opening required '/home/p
> clos/public_html/test/mambots/system/xajax_0.2.4/xajax.inc.php' (include_path='.
> :/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/pclos/public_html/test/components/co
> m_comprofiler/plugin/user/plug_cbconnector/cbconnector.php on line 31
> 
> What is it? Can you register only from pclos (I tried from win)? Anyway I don't 
> have that folder...
> 
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
its an issue with PHP memorry, i will fix that assap


> 





From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Thu May 15 23:53:12 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Thu, 15 May 2008 23:53:12 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Website test
In-Reply-To: <482C877B.9040803@laposte.net>
References: <1173673.6048361210848035300.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
	<482C877B.9040803@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <482CB0C8.3010604@laposte.net>

registration should work now !




From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May 16 00:32:35 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 16 May 2008 00:32:35 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Website test
In-Reply-To: <482CB0C8.3010604@laposte.net>
References: <1173673.6048361210848035300.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>	<482C877B.9040803@laposte.net>
	<482CB0C8.3010604@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <482CBA03.9090301@laposte.net>

pierre-henri-ramboz a ?crit :
> registration should work now !
> 
> 

no need to register .. i migrated the user DB :) hehe !!
just log in as you would do on pclinuxos !

> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 





From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May 16 14:26:12 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 16 May 2008 14:26:12 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] All Synaptic .po files updated
Message-ID: <482D7D64.1080403@smidovi.eu>

Hello,

I've consolidated and updated all Synaptic .po files.
Please take a look at your locale and update the translation.
I think the Synaptic RPM will be updated soon, so let's catch the train.


David

-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: synaptic.tgz
Type: application/x-compressed-tar
Size: 951988 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080516/8d55f688/attachment.bin>

From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May 16 21:39:28 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 16 May 2008 21:39:28 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] All Synaptic .po files updated
In-Reply-To: <482DCC4D.5010205@smidovi.eu>
References: <482D7D64.1080403@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150805161029w70c54681r543e1ed1f5414eb1@mail.gmail.com>
	<482DCC4D.5010205@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <482DE2F0.1060608@laposte.net>

synaptic.po and synaptic.pot filed added to the cvs

DidouPh




From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May 16 21:47:13 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 16 May 2008 21:47:13 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] All Synaptic .po files updated
In-Reply-To: <482DDDB0.3030902@laposte.net>
References: <482D7D64.1080403@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150805161029w70c54681r543e1ed1f5414eb1@mail.gmail.com>
	<482DCC4D.5010205@smidovi.eu> <482DDDB0.3030902@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <482DE4C1.4060407@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> does that mean that synaptic-update.pot is deprecated and needs to be
> removed from CVS?

Yes, it is. All its content is now included in synaptic.pot.

David


From david at smidovi.eu  Fri May 16 21:56:34 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Fri, 16 May 2008 21:56:34 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] APT Czech translation
Message-ID: <482DE6F2.20408@smidovi.eu>


Here is my complete Czech translation of APT. 474 msgids !

David
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: apt.tgz
Type: application/x-compressed-tar
Size: 22750 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080516/d502d394/attachment.bin>

From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Fri May 16 23:09:12 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Fri, 16 May 2008 23:09:12 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] APT Czech translation
In-Reply-To: <482DE6F2.20408@smidovi.eu>
References: <482DE6F2.20408@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <482DF7F8.8070502@laposte.net>

cvs diggest !

/po/cs/apt.po updated
/pot/synaptic-update.pot removed

DidouPh



From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Sat May 17 01:29:31 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it)
Date: Sat, 17 May 2008 01:29:31 +0200 (CEST)
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] R: Pclos-il8n-dev Digest, Vol 14, Issue 14
Message-ID: <27049668.6211931210980571877.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>

Here is my updated synaptic!

I've noticed that there are some redundant group tags which should be removed ac
cording to Stumpy
http://www.mypclinuxos.com/forum/index.php?topic=2071.0
Will they disappear from the list once all packagers will have cleaned their pac
kages?
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: [it]synaptic.po
Type: application/octet-stream
Size: 112144 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080517/2726202a/attachment.obj>

From alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it  Sun May 18 01:35:41 2008
From: alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it (alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it)
Date: Sun, 18 May 2008 01:35:41 +0200 (CEST)
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Synaptic group tags
Message-ID: <19998299.6261971211067341176.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>

>alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it a ?crit :
>> Here is my updated synaptic!
>
>File updated on cvs
>
>> I've noticed that there are some redundant group tags which should be removed
 ac
>> cording to Stumpy
>
>please, let stumpy do stumpy's job ... actually he drawn a very 
>important point but its of little interrest to us since it will yes 
>reduce the amount of needed po but will not add to our duty !

Meddling with Stumpy's job is out of my intentions, but anyway I don't think tha
t it's harmful that all collaborators talk to each other.

If I find a group "Cd burning" and a group "Cd Burning" should I translate them 
with "masterizzazione" and "Masterizzazione" respectively? Of course I used Mast
erizzazione for both. The same with "System Environmemt" and "System Environment
". Or "Puzzle" and "Puzzles" and several others. 

Synaptic won't look good with all these duplications I was just wondering whethe
r once corrected the packages they will disappear. I believe so, but not sure, t
hat's it. You know better than me, that's why I asked.



From david at smidovi.eu  Sun May 18 07:48:46 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Sun, 18 May 2008 07:48:46 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Synaptic group tags
In-Reply-To: <19998299.6261971211067341176.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
References: <19998299.6261971211067341176.JavaMail.root@pr001msr>
Message-ID: <482FC33E.7080403@smidovi.eu>

alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it napsal(a):
>> alessioadamo at fastwebnet.it a ?crit :
>>> Here is my updated synaptic!
>> File updated on cvs
>>
>>> I've noticed that there are some redundant group tags which should be removed
>  ac
>>> cording to Stumpy
>> please, let stumpy do stumpy's job ... actually he drawn a very 
>> important point but its of little interrest to us since it will yes 
>> reduce the amount of needed po but will not add to our duty !
> 
> Meddling with Stumpy's job is out of my intentions, but anyway I don't think tha
> t it's harmful that all collaborators talk to each other.
> 
> If I find a group "Cd burning" and a group "Cd Burning" should I translate them 
> with "masterizzazione" and "Masterizzazione" respectively? Of course I used Mast
> erizzazione for both. The same with "System Environmemt" and "System Environment
> ". Or "Puzzle" and "Puzzles" and several others. 
> 
> Synaptic won't look good with all these duplications I was just wondering whethe
> r once corrected the packages they will disappear. I believe so, but not sure, t
> hat's it. You know better than me, that's why I asked.

All this mess is caused by packagers' bad discipline. There is not a
single group tag in .po files that can be removed from them at the
moment - all are somehow used in Synaptic or in packages present in repos.
The unification of tags while translating you are referring to is a good
chance to fix this mess to some extent. I couldn't resist either to take
my chance while translating to Czech.
I'll try to keep the .pot and .po files in sync with reality and hope
count of these badly grouped packages will be reduced in future.

David


From cryoniq at gmail.com  Fri May 23 02:04:03 2008
From: cryoniq at gmail.com (Anders S.)
Date: Fri, 23 May 2008 02:04:03 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] update: synaptic.po [sv_SE]
Message-ID: <22d880e20805221704m359565c0j53ddfdbe9f096848@mail.gmail.com>

Update of:

/po/sv_SE/synaptic.po


Regards

Anders
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080523/4c590e02/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: synapic.po[sv_SE].tar.gz
Type: application/x-gzip
Size: 26294 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080523/4c590e02/attachment.bin>

From cryoniq at gmail.com  Tue May 27 17:50:17 2008
From: cryoniq at gmail.com (Anders S.)
Date: Tue, 27 May 2008 17:50:17 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Take 2 - update of synaptic.po [sv_SE]
Message-ID: <22d880e20805270850i55acc382p37be7034a45e2729@mail.gmail.com>

Sent this a couple of days ago. Not sure if it got lost somewhere, but
missing the update in CVS:


Update of:

/po/sv_SE/synaptic.po


Regards

Anders
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080527/97016c8d/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: synapic.po[sv_SE].tar.gz
Type: application/x-gzip
Size: 26294 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080527/97016c8d/attachment.bin>

From david at smidovi.eu  Tue May 27 18:01:21 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Tue, 27 May 2008 18:01:21 +0200
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] Take 2 - update of synaptic.po [sv_SE]
In-Reply-To: <22d880e20805270850i55acc382p37be7034a45e2729@mail.gmail.com>
References: <22d880e20805270850i55acc382p37be7034a45e2729@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <483C3051.7040105@smidovi.eu>

Anders S. napsal(a):
> Sent this a couple of days ago. Not sure if it got lost somewhere, but 
> missing the update in CVS:
> 
> 
> Update of:
> 
> /po/sv_SE/synaptic.po

Updated in CVS.
Sorry for the delay, DidouPh has some problems with his computer so I 
have to substitute him.

David




