From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Tue Feb 19 08:50:43 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2008 08:50:43 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>

hi all

i'm prety surprised by the silence of the late month!

anyway, we yet have a fr and cz "vit" po in the CVS ... i'm looking 
forward to add more translation to the repository... the translation for 
those utility has been highly requested by users, it would be gr8 if you 
could take 1 hour on your time to provide the community with a translation.

i atached David's message to this one as a reminder !

i also forward a pm i had from the documentation team ...
documentation is something i can't carry-on myself due to my various and 
numerous commitment. i ask for your help on that...

all the best for you all

DidouPh

David Smid a ?crit :
> Hello,
> 
> Here is all you need to translate VIT (Video Installation Tool).
> As this tool changes pretty often, I made a utility create_po that is 
> capable to  extract new untranslated messages from the vit script and 
> add them to existing .po file.
> 
> You'll need to patch the vit script with my i18n patch [ patch -p0 < 
> vit.i18n.patch ] or to wait till the patched version appears in testing.
> 
> 
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 > quote author=johncoom

 > I am PM'ing you as both of you are the moderators of mpclinuxos
 > Localization Forum.


 > Re: didouph comment at the Goggle Group of pclosdocs
 > eg: " is there any place for a i18n team to join in ? "


 > There is now a Localization page waiting to be created ! If you or one
 > of the Localization team want to do it ?
 > I think it would be best if you or one of your team do this, as most
 > of us know nothing about it at all  :(


 > See on the Help PCLinuxOS Grow page:
 > http://docs.pclinuxos.com/HelpPCLinuxOS
 > In the "Donate your time" section, be logged in, click
 > localization to create this page.

 > I am informing you, just in case you had not realised that the
 > "localization" page/link is ready and waiting.


 > After the Localization page is created, it can be linked from other
 > relevent Wiki pages as well. (if you want)




From david at smidovi.eu  Wed Feb 20 08:36:16 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 08:36:16 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> hi all
> 
> i'm prety surprised by the silence of the late month!
> 
> anyway, we yet have a fr and cz "vit" po in the CVS ... i'm looking 
> forward to add more translation to the repository... the translation for 
> those utility has been highly requested by users, it would be gr8 if you 
> could take 1 hour on your time to provide the community with a translation.
> 
> i atached David's message to this one as a reminder !
> 
> i also forward a pm i had from the documentation team ...
> documentation is something i can't carry-on myself due to my various and 
> numerous commitment. i ask for your help on that...
> 
> all the best for you all
> 
> DidouPh

Hello,

I've just studied the Santa's Little Helpers project on MyPCLinuxOS.com I'm 
somewhat confused.
What is the right way to contribute SRPMs at this moment ? Is that your server, 
DidouPh ?
Why I'm asking : I've sent a message containing link to "vit" SRPM with all the 
i18n support included to KDulcimer via PCLOS dev mailing list 11 days ago but 
there's no feedback from him 
(http://mail.mypclinuxos.com/pipermail/users_mypclinuxos.com/2008-February/thread.html#1741). 
I'm looking for some alternative way to squeeze this "vit" enhancement into 
official repo.
I think US and UK based packagers do not understand how important i18n is - it's 
not only nice added value, it's vital and necessary feature for the survival of 
PCLOS.
PCLOS 2008 is coming soon and we have no i18n support in liveUSB, mkremaster and 
redo-mbr scripts. I was waiting for acceptance of vit's changes first but now 
I'm forced to start work on the other tools' i18n support even if I'm not sure 
that my work isn't useless.

David


From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Wed Feb 20 10:11:27 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 10:11:27 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>
	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>

hi david.

santa little helper main repository is hosted by me, you're right
if you want to get involved, open a topic and post your srpm there
we will test it for you and eventually send it to tex
but you need to do it the clean way, either providing a 3rd party rpm to 
enhance vit or upgrade vit to a new version.

either way this might be done leaving the original untouched and would 
require the gang's aprovakl after your submission have been prooftested 
by us

this section is only for 3rd party rpm but as part of the i18n team 
comes in a big interrest for the ripper gang ... gettinther is usually 
taking care of the rpm for us ! so trust me ... your eforts are not ignored.

anyway ... kd and the mypclinuxos list got nothing from you. trust me. 
i' also admin of mypclinuxos and there was no message from you ... are 
you registered there ? i think you're not

anyway this isn't the simplest way to do it...

push your software upon santa's and in about 3 weeks it'll be in the 
main repository

DidouPh

David Smid a ?crit :
> pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
>> hi all
>>
>> i'm prety surprised by the silence of the late month!
>>
>> anyway, we yet have a fr and cz "vit" po in the CVS ... i'm looking 
>> forward to add more translation to the repository... the translation for 
>> those utility has been highly requested by users, it would be gr8 if you 
>> could take 1 hour on your time to provide the community with a translation.
>>
>> i atached David's message to this one as a reminder !
>>
>> i also forward a pm i had from the documentation team ...
>> documentation is something i can't carry-on myself due to my various and 
>> numerous commitment. i ask for your help on that...
>>
>> all the best for you all
>>
>> DidouPh
> 
> Hello,
> 
> I've just studied the Santa's Little Helpers project on MyPCLinuxOS.com I'm 
> somewhat confused.
> What is the right way to contribute SRPMs at this moment ? Is that your server, 
> DidouPh ?
> Why I'm asking : I've sent a message containing link to "vit" SRPM with all the 
> i18n support included to KDulcimer via PCLOS dev mailing list 11 days ago but 
> there's no feedback from him 
> (http://mail.mypclinuxos.com/pipermail/users_mypclinuxos.com/2008-February/thread.html#1741). 
> I'm looking for some alternative way to squeeze this "vit" enhancement into 
> official repo.
> I think US and UK based packagers do not understand how important i18n is - it's 
> not only nice added value, it's vital and necessary feature for the survival of 
> PCLOS.
> PCLOS 2008 is coming soon and we have no i18n support in liveUSB, mkremaster and 
> redo-mbr scripts. I was waiting for acceptance of vit's changes first but now 
> I'm forced to start work on the other tools' i18n support even if I'm not sure 
> that my work isn't useless.
> 
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 




From david at smidovi.eu  Wed Feb 20 10:22:23 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 10:22:23 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>
	<47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>
	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>

pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> hi david.
> 
> santa little helper main repository is hosted by me, you're right
> if you want to get involved, open a topic and post your srpm there
> we will test it for you and eventually send it to tex
> but you need to do it the clean way, either providing a 3rd party rpm to 
> enhance vit or upgrade vit to a new version.
> 
> either way this might be done leaving the original untouched and would 
> require the gang's aprovakl after your submission have been prooftested 
> by us
> 
> this section is only for 3rd party rpm but as part of the i18n team 
> comes in a big interrest for the ripper gang ... gettinther is usually 
> taking care of the rpm for us ! so trust me ... your eforts are not ignored.
> 
> anyway ... kd and the mypclinuxos list got nothing from you. trust me. 
> i' also admin of mypclinuxos and there was no message from you ... are 
> you registered there ? i think you're not
> 
> anyway this isn't the simplest way to do it...
> 
> push your software upon santa's and in about 3 weeks it'll be in the 
> main repository
> 
> DidouPh

I was not talking about the mypclinuxos list, I talked about official PCLOS 
development mailing list: 
http://mail.mypclinuxos.com/mailman/listinfo/users_mypclinuxos.com

Look here:
http://mail.mypclinuxos.com/pipermail/users_mypclinuxos.com/2008-February/001741.html

My activity concentrates there because that medium gets my words directly to 
Textar and the Gang.

David


From gettinther at gmail.com  Wed Feb 20 10:31:38 2008
From: gettinther at gmail.com (gettinther)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 09:31:38 +0000
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>
	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu> <47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>
	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>

On Feb 20, 2008 9:22 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu> wrote:

> pierre-henri-ramboz napsal(a):
> > hi david.
> >
> > santa little helper main repository is hosted by me, you're right
> > if you want to get involved, open a topic and post your srpm there
> > we will test it for you and eventually send it to tex
> > but you need to do it the clean way, either providing a 3rd party rpm to
> > enhance vit or upgrade vit to a new version.
> >
> > either way this might be done leaving the original untouched and would
> > require the gang's aprovakl after your submission have been prooftested
> > by us
> >
> > this section is only for 3rd party rpm but as part of the i18n team
> > comes in a big interrest for the ripper gang ... gettinther is usually
> > taking care of the rpm for us ! so trust me ... your eforts are not
> ignored.
> >
> > anyway ... kd and the mypclinuxos list got nothing from you. trust me.
> > i' also admin of mypclinuxos and there was no message from you ... are
> > you registered there ? i think you're not
> >
> > anyway this isn't the simplest way to do it...
> >
> > push your software upon santa's and in about 3 weeks it'll be in the
> > main repository
> >
> > DidouPh
>
> I was not talking about the mypclinuxos list, I talked about official
> PCLOS
> development mailing list:
> http://mail.mypclinuxos.com/mailman/listinfo/users_mypclinuxos.com
>
> Look here:
>
> http://mail.mypclinuxos.com/pipermail/users_mypclinuxos.com/2008-February/001741.html
>
> My activity concentrates there because that medium gets my words directly
> to
> Textar and the Gang.
>
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
>

David,

The santa's team is only a way to keep track of the rpm sent to Tex and who
is contributing what.  You still send your work directly to Tex yourself but
at least there's a tracking of who does what.  This prevents stepping on
toes.

Gettinther
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080220/a1196041/attachment.html>

From david at smidovi.eu  Wed Feb 20 10:45:14 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 10:45:14 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>
	<47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>
	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>

gettinther napsal(a):
> The santa's team is only a way to keep track of the rpm sent to Tex and 
> who is contributing what.  You still send your work directly to Tex 
> yourself but at least there's a tracking of who does what.  This 
> prevents stepping on toes.
> 
> Gettinther

OK. I learned that santa's project is the right way to contribute new packages 
but is it also the right way to contribute fixes and enhancements of packages 
that I am not maintaining ? So far I have used bugs.pclinuxos.com and devs 
mailing list for that. I expect package maintainers to follow this list.

David



From david at smidovi.eu  Wed Feb 20 11:57:40 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 11:57:40 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>	
	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu> <47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>	
	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>	
	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>	
	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>

gettinther napsal(a):
> 
> 
> On Feb 20, 2008 9:45 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu 
> <mailto:david at smidovi.eu>> wrote:
> 
> 
>     OK. I learned that santa's project is the right way to contribute
>     new packages
>     but is it also the right way to contribute fixes and enhancements of
>     packages
>     that I am not maintaining ? So far I have used bugs.pclinuxos.com
>     <http://bugs.pclinuxos.com> and devs
>     mailing list for that. I expect package maintainers to follow this list.
> 
>     David <https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev>
> 
> 
> The bug tracker is the right way to submit fixes to other packages.  You 
> can also offer to fix the said package to Tex directly (but that would 
> mean a lot of extra work for him).
> The user mailing list is also a good place.  As a general rule of the thumb,
> 
> Bug tracker > Record of bugs and solutions as well as assignment of duty
> User Mailing list > Notification of bug and solution
> 
> You can also download the srpm from ibiblio to check who is the 
> maintainer of the package and get in touch with him/her and offer to fix 
> the package.

I'm glad I'm doing it right.
The problem is there are many distribution specific packages whose authors did 
not think about i18n. There is a bunch of eager translators hanging around in 
PCLOS-i18n project and they cannot continue in their work because of that.
I understand that i18n concept is still new to some developers and I offer help 
and know-how to them but it's sort of discouraging when I send them a complete 
solution and nothing happens.

David




From gettinther at gmail.com  Wed Feb 20 12:28:48 2008
From: gettinther at gmail.com (gettinther)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 11:28:48 +0000
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>
	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu> <47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>
	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>
	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>
	<47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>

On Feb 20, 2008 10:57 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu> wrote:

>
> I'm glad I'm doing it right.
> The problem is there are many distribution specific packages whose authors
> did
> not think about i18n. There is a bunch of eager translators hanging around
> in
> PCLOS-i18n project and they cannot continue in their work because of that.
> I understand that i18n concept is still new to some developers and I offer
> help
> and know-how to them but it's sort of discouraging when I send them a
> complete
> solution and nothing happens.
>
> David
> <https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev>
>

As far as the developers are concerned, you can only offer a solution.  On
the other hand you can patch the rpm to add the functionality you need (as I
did for example to add translation for the sections in synaptic).  In this
case you only need to contact the person packaging the application.  This
means your work can take place even if the source package isn't updated
(it's a nice way around the problem).
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080220/6687ab95/attachment.html>

From david at smidovi.eu  Wed Feb 20 12:49:23 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 12:49:23 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>
	<47BA8A53.50308@laposte.net>	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>
	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <47BC13C3.5020501@smidovi.eu>

gettinther napsal(a):
> 
> 
> On Feb 20, 2008 10:57 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu 
> <mailto:david at smidovi.eu>> wrote:
> 
> 
>     I'm glad I'm doing it right.
>     The problem is there are many distribution specific packages whose
>     authors did
>     not think about i18n. There is a bunch of eager translators hanging
>     around in
>     PCLOS-i18n project and they cannot continue in their work because of
>     that.
>     I understand that i18n concept is still new to some developers and I
>     offer help
>     and know-how to them but it's sort of discouraging when I send them
>     a complete
>     solution and nothing happens.
> 
>     David
> 
> As far as the developers are concerned, you can only offer a solution.  
> On the other hand you can patch the rpm to add the functionality you 
> need (as I did for example to add translation for the sections in 
> synaptic).  In this case you only need to contact the person packaging 
> the application.  This means your work can take place even if the source 
> package isn't updated (it's a nice way around the problem).

I don't know who is the original author of vit, there's no name in the source. 
Maybe someone from the SAM Linux team. In package changelog there are two 
packagers: Texstar and KDulcimer, KDulcimer being the last one. From his 
reaction on my bug report I figured out that KDulcimer is the packager who feels 
to be responsible for vit.
I think there's nothing more I can do, if I would contribute the new vit version 
on my own I would step on KDulcimer's toes.

David



From gettinther at gmail.com  Wed Feb 20 13:00:00 2008
From: gettinther at gmail.com (gettinther)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 12:00:00 +0000
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BC13C3.5020501@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>
	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net> <47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>
	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>
	<47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>
	<47BC13C3.5020501@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <64630f150802200400w59828ccbt31edc5641762cf63@mail.gmail.com>

On Feb 20, 2008 11:49 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu> wrote:

> gettinther napsal(a):
> >
> >
> > On Feb 20, 2008 10:57 AM, David Smid <david at smidovi.eu
> > <mailto:david at smidovi.eu>> wrote:
> >
> >
> >     I'm glad I'm doing it right.
> >     The problem is there are many distribution specific packages whose
> >     authors did
> >     not think about i18n. There is a bunch of eager translators hanging
> >     around in
> >     PCLOS-i18n project and they cannot continue in their work because of
> >     that.
> >     I understand that i18n concept is still new to some developers and I
> >     offer help
> >     and know-how to them but it's sort of discouraging when I send them
> >     a complete
> >     solution and nothing happens.
> >
> >     David
> >
> > As far as the developers are concerned, you can only offer a solution.
> > On the other hand you can patch the rpm to add the functionality you
> > need (as I did for example to add translation for the sections in
> > synaptic).  In this case you only need to contact the person packaging
> > the application.  This means your work can take place even if the source
> > package isn't updated (it's a nice way around the problem).
>
> I don't know who is the original author of vit, there's no name in the
> source.
> Maybe someone from the SAM Linux team. In package changelog there are two
> packagers: Texstar and KDulcimer, KDulcimer being the last one. From his
> reaction on my bug report I figured out that KDulcimer is the packager who
> feels
> to be responsible for vit.
> I think there's nothing more I can do, if I would contribute the new vit
> version
> on my own I would step on KDulcimer's toes.
>
> David
>
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
>

KDulcimer is a nice fellow.  I'd say he wouldn't mind at all if you were to
take over that package from him.  Just PM him at mypclinuxos.com.  If you
have issues, just mail me and I'll clear it with him.

I'll check who wrote vit
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080220/b43ca240/attachment.html>

From david at smidovi.eu  Wed Feb 20 14:22:31 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2008 14:22:31 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <64630f150802200400w59828ccbt31edc5641762cf63@mail.gmail.com>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>
	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>
	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC13C3.5020501@smidovi.eu>
	<64630f150802200400w59828ccbt31edc5641762cf63@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <47BC2997.2050005@smidovi.eu>

gettinther napsal(a):

> KDulcimer is a nice fellow.  I'd say he wouldn't mind at all if you were 
> to take over that package from him.  Just PM him at mypclinuxos.com 
> <http://mypclinuxos.com>.  If you have issues, just mail me and I'll 
> clear it with him.
> 
> I'll check who wrote vit

Thanks for your help, I'll PM KDulcimer and will keep you all informed.


David


From david at smidovi.eu  Thu Feb 21 11:25:25 2008
From: david at smidovi.eu (David Smid)
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2008 11:25:25 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BC2997.2050005@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC13C3.5020501@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200400w59828ccbt31edc5641762cf63@mail.gmail.com>
	<47BC2997.2050005@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <47BD5195.8000705@smidovi.eu>

David Smid napsal(a):
> gettinther napsal(a):
> 
>> KDulcimer is a nice fellow.  I'd say he wouldn't mind at all if you were 
>> to take over that package from him.  Just PM him at mypclinuxos.com 
>> <http://mypclinuxos.com>.  If you have issues, just mail me and I'll 
>> clear it with him.
>>
>> I'll check who wrote vit
> 
> Thanks for your help, I'll PM KDulcimer and will keep you all informed.

After talking to KDulcimer, we decided that I will be the new maintainer of vit 
because KDulcimer became the vit maintainer rather by accident.
I've managed to add i18n support to GtkDialog and soon it's maintainer will 
upload new GtkDialog version to repo. That means no modifications will be needed 
for GtkDialog based programs to be behave nicely. All will be prepared to be 
translated just by adding the right .mo file.

So I plan to release a new vit package version soon, please go ahead and send 
your translations, I'd like to see more translations than just Czech and French 
in it, it's only a few messages.

David


From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Thu Feb 21 18:13:33 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2008 18:13:33 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BD5195.8000705@smidovi.eu>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu>	<47BBD870.5020909@smidovi.eu>	<47BBEEBF.7060904@laposte.net>	<47BBF14F.9030807@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200131p5b56d7cdt6ac328b06eb28545@mail.gmail.com>	<47BBF6AA.5050707@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200202p49ab981fu7a6eb1c906e56598@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC07A4.403@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200328v773df510hf5b5c6ceae8f4a0f@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC13C3.5020501@smidovi.eu>	<64630f150802200400w59828ccbt31edc5641762cf63@mail.gmail.com>	<47BC2997.2050005@smidovi.eu>
	<47BD5195.8000705@smidovi.eu>
Message-ID: <47BDB13D.6060509@laposte.net>

David Smid a ?crit :
> David Smid napsal(a):
>> gettinther napsal(a):
>>
>>> KDulcimer is a nice fellow.  I'd say he wouldn't mind at all if you were 
>>> to take over that package from him.  Just PM him at mypclinuxos.com 
>>> <http://mypclinuxos.com>.  If you have issues, just mail me and I'll 
>>> clear it with him.
>>>
>>> I'll check who wrote vit
>> Thanks for your help, I'll PM KDulcimer and will keep you all informed.
> 
> After talking to KDulcimer, we decided that I will be the new maintainer of vit 
> because KDulcimer became the vit maintainer rather by accident.
> I've managed to add i18n support to GtkDialog and soon it's maintainer will 
> upload new GtkDialog version to repo. That means no modifications will be needed 
> for GtkDialog based programs to be behave nicely. All will be prepared to be 
> translated just by adding the right .mo file.
> 
> So I plan to release a new vit package version soon, please go ahead and send 
> your translations, I'd like to see more translations than just Czech and French 
> in it, it's only a few messages.
> 
> David
> _______________________________________________
> Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
> 
> 
nice to hear that you're the new maintainer of the project

anyone willing to translate vit will find the base file in "pot" section 
of the cvs or as atachement to this e.mail

just translate the msgid in msgstr using kbabel and/or a text editor and 
save it as vit-yourlocalecode.po to this list (ie : vit-FR_fr.po) please 
only provide utf-8 files

thanks and good bye
DidouPh
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: vit.pot
Type: application/vnd.ms-powerpoint
Size: 6811 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080221/d9a901f5/attachment.pot>

From archie at pclinuxos.cn  Sat Feb 23 03:30:09 2008
From: archie at pclinuxos.cn (Archie Arevalo)
Date: Sat, 23 Feb 2008 10:30:09 +0800
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] VIT .pot file, i18n patch, doc translation ?
In-Reply-To: <47BDB13D.6060509@laposte.net>
References: <479F3D26.305@smidovi.eu> <47BD5195.8000705@smidovi.eu>
	<47BDB13D.6060509@laposte.net>
Message-ID: <200802231030.09832.archie@pclinuxos.cn>

On Friday 22 February 2008 01:13:33 am pierre-henri-ramboz wrote:
> David Smid a ?crit :
> > David Smid napsal(a):
> >> gettinther napsal(a):
> >>> KDulcimer is a nice fellow.  I'd say he wouldn't mind at all if you
> >>> were to take over that package from him.  Just PM him at
> >>> mypclinuxos.com <http://mypclinuxos.com>.  If you have issues, just
> >>> mail me and I'll clear it with him.
> >>>
> >>> I'll check who wrote vit
> >>
> >> Thanks for your help, I'll PM KDulcimer and will keep you all informed.
> >
> > After talking to KDulcimer, we decided that I will be the new maintainer
> > of vit because KDulcimer became the vit maintainer rather by accident.
> > I've managed to add i18n support to GtkDialog and soon it's maintainer
> > will upload new GtkDialog version to repo. That means no modifications
> > will be needed for GtkDialog based programs to be behave nicely. All will
> > be prepared to be translated just by adding the right .mo file.
> >
> > So I plan to release a new vit package version soon, please go ahead and
> > send your translations, I'd like to see more translations than just Czech
> > and French in it, it's only a few messages.
> >
> > David
> > _______________________________________________
> > Pclos-il8n-dev mailing list
> > Pclos-il8n-dev at lists.berlios.de
> > https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/pclos-il8n-dev
>
> nice to hear that you're the new maintainer of the project
>
> anyone willing to translate vit will find the base file in "pot" section
> of the cvs or as atachement to this e.mail
>
> just translate the msgid in msgstr using kbabel and/or a text editor and
> save it as vit-yourlocalecode.po to this list (ie : vit-FR_fr.po) please
> only provide utf-8 files
>
> thanks and good bye
> DidouPh

Please find attached the Simplified Chinese translation of vit.

-- 
Archie Arevalo
http://www.pclinuxos.cn
Sat Feb 23 10:27:17 CST 2008
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: vit-zh_CN.po
Type: application/x-gettext
Size: 12816 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080223/68e11003/attachment.bin>

From lisovszki at gmail.com  Sat Feb 23 23:21:26 2008
From: lisovszki at gmail.com (=?ISO-8859-2?Q?Lisovszki_S=E1ndor?=)
Date: Sat, 23 Feb 2008 23:21:26 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] vit.pot  hungarian translation
Message-ID: <47C09C66.4000301@gmail.com>

Hi all!

Here is the hungarian transation of the vit.pot.

:)
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: vit-HU_hu.po
Type: text/x-gettext-translation
Size: 13381 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/pclos-il8n-dev/attachments/20080223/216a15f1/attachment.bin>

From didouph.ph at laposte.net  Tue Feb 26 01:27:52 2008
From: didouph.ph at laposte.net (pierre-henri-ramboz)
Date: Tue, 26 Feb 2008 01:27:52 +0100
Subject: [Pclos-il8n-dev] vit.pot  hungarian translation
In-Reply-To: <47C09C66.4000301@gmail.com>
References: <47C09C66.4000301@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <47C35D08.8060202@laposte.net>

Hungarian and simplified chinese po for vit have been added to our cvs !



